[Whole system]

Enhancments:
Event-type as editable database table.
Discount options.
PDF Files emailed always shown as 'invoice'.
add file name HTML comment to each *.tpl file.
Question about Fee's..
Discounts for web or pos.
moved the set shipment status to the printorder() method and is send once when the tickets are printed.
extend the admin system so we can have tooltips shown hovering the field label. icon would be nice to have
implemented fee per seat instead per order.
removed posablity to change the (email/pdf) template name.
added fix made by lxsparks to rename the invoice/receipt pdf to the right name.
text area fields now sided to 100%
modified the mycart class so that the all ordered tickets get the latest expire time every time the user adds more tickets.
added a redirect option.
Added webshop/pos fields for the category table
reworked the tab-page views a little bit so plugins can add there own tabs in menuitems.
implemented a strict ACL support for the admin section.
Every admin view with tabs has also the option to block access
Every admin view can also add restrictions to the called action
The controller class structure is refectored to allow a better ACL support.
implementation of Redirect system to secure dubble order intery etc.
logging of payments are now also shown in the orderstatus log
added a new option to the discount system now you can set discounts for the pos or webshop only

Other:
changed the email from and to addresses from utf8 to ansi hoping to fix isues
updatd the smarty lib
updated the lib shiftmailer to the latest version.
updated html2pdf to the latest version
updated jquery and jquery.ui
renamed the install_db.php to data_dp.php
removed the simpletest libs it is not used by ft at all
updated all copyright headers in the files.
updated the eph_mollie
Migrated the config/init_admin.php, init_control.php etc in to there resepective Controller class.
removed old language files and put it in a zip-file
updated the language file.
reworking the language editor to a better use
Block functions need to be changed $smarty->_SHOP_db_res need to be replaced by $smarty->pushBlockData($dbrec); and function popBlockData();

Bugs:
Multi-event sub events can have the wrong cat_id applied to the event's discounts (NielsNL) - afgesloten.
Some text are harcoded (NielsNL) - afgesloten.
Minor tweaks / php errors / dutch language.
Logging of Credit Card Numbers and User Information is a Security Problem.
fixed the templates where the order_date was not shown.
removed writing error log results to the screen, when there is no connection to our server.
added some extra control to secure the payments etc.
fixed issue with copying master discount to a sub event
fixed issue with payment handlers that uses fsockopen and returning transfer-encoding: chunked data
fixed some table enum's
fixed mixed use of canceled and cancelled and changed it into cancelled whole system.
FT had a buggy order_status for paid orders. I changed this from payed to paid.

[POS-system]
Enhenchments:
spacial discounts for POS only.
Show event titel in POS when opening the seat plan..
implemented the possibility to allow POS created patrons to login into the webshop.
Changed the POS so ordering tickets made easier

Others:
pos.css is never used.
updated the jqgrid to the last version.
removed some unused jquery scripts from the pos.

Bugs:
patron box diplays wrong at startup.
Reserving Seats in POS results in unnecessary email with link to Webshop (NielsNL) - afgesloten.
pos: order status is not correct.
sold seats show up as free after 2 POS systems select overlapping no. of seats in the seatmap.
Get buy 2 Cash ticket transactions in a row.
Problem with selecting a username after searching in pos from FF 10.0.
Registration fails etc.
Tel/Fax numbers - won't accept a space (lxsparks) - afgemeld.
Can not use an existing email for previous registered users ordering tickets by phone in POS entry screen.
fixed issue 335: The lists in the POS where not showing the selected state
fixed issue in the POS to allow creating multiple orders.
fixed issue where you cant login to the pos anymore without strict POS use.
fixed issue in POS where the patron details are shown.
fixed some css image directions for the pos
fixed issue setting the paid and sent status twice in the POS overview.
POS users without a existing sales point are now not allowed to login anymore.
fixed loading pos ajax calls

[Webshop]

Enhencments:
[TPL] Overhall Webshop.
Added an option to let the patron see his order using the link $order_link in the emails
added the possibility to print the invoice/recept and tickets
On-Page SEO of the webshop.
Add Print Tickets link to order completed page.
Terms of Conditions.
No cancel button or way to cancel transaction.
Add Meta to Head for each Event.
Reworked the personal pages
added tooltip option to input labels. now also in the webshop
Shows a custom message in Webshop if Event has no Categories to display
add validation on the login form
the event description is now shown as meta data
you can add meta keywords to an event.
user logins are now logged so you can see when they last logged in. (thanks to Lxsparks)
Allowing the calendar to be shown within an other page without showing the theme.  to use this add inframe=true to the calender
The agb is now shown inside a DIV window
the webshop result page shows the ticket button when paid.

Others:
dropped old default theme (it is not compatible with new webshop)
website SMARTY the organizer data are available directly without the use of the {$organizer} object.
the validate tag in a gui->input needs to be an array like validate=['value'='var']
updating the shinymusic theme. (work in progress)

Bugs:
Aktivation text confuses first time user.
ERRORR in personal page order details.
the count of ticket and alert is not working.
added a welcome message when a member is logged in.
fixed forgot password procedure.
updated the new default theme.
fixed form validation by jquery
fixed issue with activation patrons

[Back-office (admin)]
Enhenchments:
make user details editable (lxsparks). Admin can not update or delete existing Member information if member information requires modification or is not valid.
edit multiple text lables in the seatmap at the same time.
"VIEWABLE/UNVIEWABLE WEBSHOP" and "VIEWABLE/UNVIEWABLE POS" button for each category (lxsparks).
In admin->ticket tracking->order by event, the ability to sort desc (lxsparks) - afgemeld.
added a realname field for administrators
added the possibility to clear/remove all the log files and a way to clear the cache
now can sort ticket tracking/Events Ascending or Descending
Added the possibility to send bulk PDF's
Like in the orderhandling list; the new discount list can now also show/hide the discount in the pos and webshop.
it is now possible to add a new catergory also after the event is published and set to no sale;3 only the open seating is allowed then.
implementing new Configuration screen.
^ The merchant details are now managed trough the new configuration screen.
^ using a dynamic storage of the setting.
^ Also the configuration options are dynamic

Others:
Add pay button in Order/Unpaid (administrator) - afgesloten.
the event accordion view can now also close all sub-views
added a realname field for administrators, needs some extra work to show it somewhere.

Bugs:
Possible typo in file "model.adminlink.php".
PayPal IPN always fails verification.
Add a 'clear cache' function to the admin section.
Shippment status can easily reflect wrong status.
back office in english and website in french.
De master event status icon can be change when you use the checkboxes in the event editor.
the download link for backup sql is wrong..
Discount category not copied to new sub-event.
fixed issue with searching tickets with the barcode
removed the button image for the event_status button by main events
changed the button sequence in the order overview/ticket tracker
fixed the admin worksheet width
some work to disable the possibility to publish a main event.
changed first/last name order in the search form
edited link on Users>Orders list so Order opened up and not redirected back to empty search page
You cant delete Sales Points when there are POS users connected.
fixed increment_size it did called the wrong function.

[Ticket takers]
Enhenchments:
Add when a who checked a ticket.
Added Discount and barcode to ticket takers.
logging of TicketTaker actions are now also shown in the orderstatus
added beeps by checking tickets (thanks to sclarke)

Others:
cleaned up the control views and separated the search function into a new file
^ the control section uses now the same template as the admin section.

Bugs:
fixed issue with the reset button in the ticket taker.

[Install]
Enhenchments:
updated the install procedure to handle the new configuration system

Bugs:
Merchant details "Name" escapes hyphen charater incorrectly.
Added: $_SHOP->images_url= $_SHOP->root_base."../images/"; at Line 73. init_commong.php is not called during install and the images root base is not defined.


[plugins]
Enhenchments:
added a json plugin interface so you can access a plugin from outside FT.
replaced the custom plugin with two separated plugins one only for the barcode and one only to change the playment discription.
added a example how to extend the admin pageas with new tabs.
new plugin added for reminder management
you can now add tables from inside plugins.
